1. Problem Decomposition: How did you break this problem down? What were the sub-problems you identified?
    - Sub-Problem 1: Authentication. TigetNet, like all Princeton apps, sits behind CAS and Duo 2-Factor Authentication. I couldn't make a request and get data back, and brainstormed how I could programmatically log in and maintain a valid session across multiple requests. I worked on translating encoding my own session cookies adn tokens into the hidden .env file into providing my username and password for the program to use as input for automating the process. This worked but realistically was not a proper solution and compromised my own personal data. I did research on playwright and rebuilt the pipeline to automate the login flow, including dismissing the cookie consent popup and navigating the CAS login form. There is no "safe" or. "ethical" way to get around the 2-Factor Authentication, which is the one remaining human step. Taking Information Security and Systems this semester was especially helpful in breaking down how to approach most feasibly automating this process without flagging my account. 
    - Sub-Problem 2: Data Access. I manually needed to look through how TigerNet stores and serves its data. I used DevTools initially in chrome and looked at network requests that popped up as I looked at both individual profiles and also the alumni directory. I discovered that Tigernet was built on Hiverbite and saw two JSON API endpoints: /frontoffice/api/users which was a paginated directory listeing and a profile endpoint at /private/frontoffice/users/profiles/{id}. 
    - Sub-Problem 3: CSV Output Reliability and Readibility: After realizing that each user's data was coming from two separate API calls in large JSON files, I neeed to figure out how to take the responses and merge them into two different fields. I eventually used a flattening function to explore this. 
    - Network Timeout: Given that there are over 130,000 profiles on Tigernet, running the entire file takes a lot of time. I built a retry logic that also incorporate a progress checkpoint to save after every completed page so that restarts pick up where they left off. 
2. Approach Exploration: What different paths did you consider? (Direct HTTP requests vs. headless browser vs. API reverse-engineering, etc.) Why did you choose the path you chose?
Here, my first instinct was to go into DevTools after inspecting TigerNet to try and figure out how the data fetch actually worked on the network side. Given that there are over 130,000 users in the profile, I thought that rendering that much information from HTML would be impractical. From there, these were the approaches that I thought about:
- After using DevTools, I researched XHR requests to help me break down what I should be filtering by. I looked at the larger files and saw requests going to /frontoffice/api/users, and after leaving the alumni directory and looking at individual users I saw requests to /private/frontoffice/users/profiles/{id} with more specific user information. I decided on this approach early, but thought through some other alternaties. 
- I thought about the ethics, feasibility, and difficulty of trying to work backwards through the CAS authentication. I thought that if I tried to manually repliate the logic handshake it would be possible to gain access to user data without necessarily having a CAS account. However, the number of redirects on top of the two factor authentication made this long and insecure to approach, which is something we had recently gone over in class. 

3. Technical Tradeoffs: What tradeoffs did you encounter and how did you decide?
Speed vs. reliability? Complexity vs. maintainability? Be specific.
- Speed vs Reliability: Given that there were over 130,000 users and two API endpoints per user, there were at minimym 260,000 requests to be made. I initially set a delay between requests for 0.5 seconds with the logic that if I didn't there was a greater chance at being blocked. I was okay with the tradeoff of flightly more time between requests if it meant that the scraping process wa faster. 
- Progress Tracking: I initially did not inculde a progress tracker, and wrote a scraper to loop through all of the pages in one run. Howver, when running a test I realized I exited out of the file and had to start from scratch with generating my csv. The proress.json saves th elst completed page and all of the processed user ID's after every page, so if the script crashes or the session expires it can pick up where it left off. 
- I used Python as my language of choice because it seemed natural for data pipeline work. I've used Python to generate csv outputs before and Playwright upon research seemed good for browser automation. 
- I separated the files into the tigernet_clinet file, the main.py file and the csv_creation_tool.py files for modularity so that testing and debugging was more manageable. 

4. Obstacles &amp; Solutions: What broke? What surprised you? How did you debug it? Don’t sanitize this — we want the raw story.
- The first attempt that I did included manually copying session cookies from DevTools into the .env file. This initially worked but cookies expire and also required manually intervention every run. This was good for my own understanding of how to approach creating this scraper, but it was not an effective solution. 
- I struggled looking through DevTools to find th emembers list endpoint. I spent a lot of time looking at indiviudal users, and  realized that if I scroll through the alumni directory I would potentially be able to see more information on where multiple profiles had their information stored. When I clicked to diffrent pages, it became clear that there were two API endpoints. 
- When I moved away from the manual cookie intervention, I did research into Playwright and decided to adapt it. However, the cookie consent popup kept appearing before the CAS login form loaded. This caused multiple delays where the scraper couldn't find th elogin field because the pop up was in the way. 
- The CAS enter button selector was tiing out because the login had a different type. I tried multiple selectors and then eventually saw that button[type="submit"] worked with a keyboard Enter as a last resort fallback. 
- I received multiple login-failed reports from the scraper because the redirect path through Duo sometimes took a long time and did not alwasy follow the same path that the scraper was anticipating. 
- I had not initially anticipated the Device Confirmation screen after the Duo notification 
- I was struggling to automatically retrieve the CSRF token from the page's HTML. TigerNet requires a CSRF token on every API request. I initially did this by attempting to fetch a page and extracting a token with the tag "csrf-token" as per Hiverbrite documentation, but it wasn't grabbing anything. I then realized that depending on the page the attributes were in different orders, so I had to adjust for those formatting issues. My Information Security Course covered that CSRF token exists to prevent cross-site forgery, so understanding why these tokens exists helped me understand how I had to approach extracting it. 

5. AI Collaboration: This is critical. Tell us exactly how you used AI throughout the project. Which tools? What prompts worked and what didn’t? Where did AI accelerate you? Where did it lead you astray? Where did you override its suggestions and why? We’re not looking for “I used ChatGPT.” We’re looking for evidence of sophisticated AI- augmented engineering.